c:\users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\bin\Debug\ITU.exe.config
c:\users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\bin\Debug\ITU.exe
c:\users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\bin\Debug\ITU.pdb
c:\users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\ITU.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\ITU_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\ITU_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\ITU.g.resources
c:\users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\ITU.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\ITU.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\ITU.exe
c:\users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\ITU.pdb
C:\Users\kohut\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\PasswordWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\kohut\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\PasswordWindow.baml
C:\Users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\MainPage.baml
C:\Users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\WelcomePage.g.cs
C:\Users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\WelcomePage.baml
C:\Users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\AddUserPage.g.cs
C:\Users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\AddUserPage.baml
C:\Users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\ProfilePage.g.cs
C:\Users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\ProfilePage.baml
C:\Users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\EditUserPage.g.cs
C:\Users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\EditUserPage.baml
C:\Users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\AccountsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\kohut\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITU\ITU\obj\Debug\AccountsPage.baml
